update view functions docs (#98)
ElrondNetwork/docs.elrond.com: docs/developers/nft-tokens.md

### <span class="badge badge-success">POST</span> **Get ESDT properties**

> One can use [get esdt properties endpoint](/developers/esdt-tokens#get-esdt-token-properties) used for ESDT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties can be queried via the [getTokenProperties function](/developers/esdt-tokens#get-esdt-token-properties) provided by ESDT.
```

### <span class="badge badge-success">POST</span> **Get special roles**

> One can use [get special roles endpoint](/developers/esdt-tokens#get-special-roles-for-a-token) used for ESDT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special roles can be queried via the [getSpecialRoles function](/developers/esdt-tokens#get-special-roles-for-a-token) provided by ESDT.
```
